company profile

Bring to life

our services
residental complex
land(plot) development
bungalow
commercial complex

our team
Sanjay dasot
meghha dasot jain
aman dasot
shivani dasot

about us

17 years on, after an array of successful 
premium developments completed in Indore, 
we have succeeded in carving out a niche
for ourselves. While the predominant focus
has been on urban township projects, we
have a diversified portfolio covering key 
segementeds of the real estate market which
also includes various projects under "Sapphire".

The company has a singular Motto, "Work is Worship" 

Since 1995, the company has reached a level where it has been providing its clients with utmost satisfaction
in terms of quality. We bank on our strong relationships with our customers, gorverment bodies and trade associations.

In order to achieve the scalability required to undertake large developments, 
we outsource work to leading domestic consultants in the areas of architecture,
desgin, engineering and construction.

Sakar group is a major player in Indore Real Estate. Currently, Sakar is the largest Private
firm coloniser in the indore realty.

Residential projects

our lavish residences offer a plethora of amenitites,
unhindered views of the city & greens, and a location
that allows seamless connectivity to the city.
Constructed in a quite area, the sakar group offers a perfect
setting to live a maximized life. Our beautifully constructed apartments bring
a whole new perspective to community living. with lavish residences, unmatched 
leisure's & a thoughtful location, sakar residential address, but also your true self.

sakar residency
location: AB road, Indore
Area construsted: 1,28,939 sq ft

sakar terraces
location: AB road, Indore
Area Constructed: 48,287 sq Ft

sakar nest
location: Race course road, Indore
Area constructed: 21,052 sq ft

Urban township project

The Sakar Group offers a vibrant portfolio of groundbreaking real estate 
developments that provides upscale living and working spaces within various 
thriving and emerging growth centers around the country. Armed with sharper
foresight, unparalleled excellence, total commitment, and an inherent passion and
drive for innovation, the company is committed to providing thoughtfully - desgined and 
master planned living environments for the unique needs of its discerning market.

Sakar nri city - 1
location: bicholi Mardana, Indore
area constructed: 52 acres

sakar city
location: Nipania, bypass road
Area constructed : 45 acres

sakar nri city-2
gram arandiya, bypass road
area constructed: 67 acres

sakar indore township
location: at bypass, near DPS school, Bypass road, Indore
area constructed: 50 acres

sakar corridor
location: super corridor, indore
area constructed: 87 arces

sakar hills resort
location: Indore Ujjain road, Jaitpura
area constructed: 114 acres

sakar real life
location: khandwa Raod, Indore
area constructed: 230 acres

13/1, Sita Bagh Colony Behind Reegal Cinema Indore-452003



